---
title: August 29, 2017
description: This version fixes a bug with Studio vocabularies. If your project is affected, it will require manual cleanup.
tree_item_index: 998
review:
    comment: ''
    date: ''
    status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='summary-v68-1'}}
This release fixes a bug with Studio vocabularies. If your project is affected, it will require manual cleanup.
{{! /multiexcerpt}}

## Is My Project Affected?

Your project is affected if ALL of the following conditions are valid:
- You have released your project between July 17th and August 29th.
- The Target platform for those releases is LTS 2016, 9.1 or 9.2.
- Any of the releases contains vocabularies declarations.
- The released project has been deployed to production or on an instance on which you perform testing / validation (this includes using hot reload).

If your project does not meet ALL of the above conditions, please ignore the rest of this notice.

## What Are the Bug Symptoms and Consequences?
- Former vocabularies values entered by users in the application directly are not displayed anymore.
- New values entries since you deployed the faulty release won’t be “merged” with former ones.

## What's the Origin of the Problem?
Nuxeo Studio generated faulty configuration for vocabularies between July 17 and August 29. The table name for Nuxeo Studio generated vocabularies has not been prefixed as it should be.

This problem is now fixed and Studio will generate correct configuration again. Nevertheless, a manual cleanup is necessary on your Nuxeo Server instance and for Nuxeo Studio releases generated in that timeframe.

## The Bug Affected My Project, What Should I Do?
First, you need to know that no data has been lost and everything can be fixed by following the simple procedure found below.

Before the bug was introduced, if you created a vocabulary named “myVoc” in Studio and deployed your configuration, a table named “studio_vocabulary_myVoc” would have been created in the database.

While the bug was effective, doing the same would result in having a table named “myVoc”  created in the database, on top of the existing one. This table needs to be deleted after transferring potential changes made into it back into the correctly prefixed table.

The cleanup procedure is the following:

### In Nuxeo Studio
Releases generated between July 17 and August 29, 2017 contain faulty configuration. You need to replace them with a new relase containing the proper configuration. For each of these releases:
1. Revert to the tag corresponding to that release. It can be found in the Releases and Tags menu.
1. Generate a new release from that point.
1. Delete the old release.

### In Nuxeo Server
If you deployed a faulty release in Nuxeo Server, you can do the following.

1. Deploy a fixed Studio release in your Nuxeo Server instance.
1. For each vocabulary created in your Studio project, look for the table in your database with the same name. For example if you created a vocabulary named “myVoc”, look for the table named “myvoc”.
1. Copy changes made to this table to the prefixed table. A vocabulary named “myVoc” will correspond to a prefixed table named “studio_vocabulary_myvoc”.
1. Delete the table without prefix.

Should you need any help with the above, feel free to contact our support. We apologize for the inconvenience this may have caused. Thank you for using Nuxeo Studio!


[More details on bug corresponding to this notice](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4206) are available in our bugtracking tool.
