---
title: Nuxeo Studio Release Notes - Version 66
description: Discover changes brought in Nuxeo Studio version 66.
review:
    comment: ''
    date: ''
    status: ok
toc: true
---

# Nuxeo Studio 66 Release Notes - Deployed August 8, 2017

## New Feature - Ability to Disable Features Temporarily
Many users need at some point to disable part of their configuration. This could be to avoid deploying something meant for a testing environment, to help pinpointing where a specific behavior comes from, or to make sure that some parts of their configuration is still needed after a version upgrade.

Usually, people either delete the feature and revert to a previous commit afterwards, or try to hide the feature by adding impossible conditions for it to be displayed or triggered. Then, they forget about it and have a hard time remembering / finding all the places where they used that workaround.

Relax; this time is over. Any feature made in Nuxeo Studio can now be disabled temporarily! Just toggle the switch on the top right side of the feature's screen, and you can enable or disable it on demand. When a feature is disabled, Nuxeo Studio will behave as if it doesn't exist, and the corresponding configuration won't be generated. You will also notice that the feature name appears as striked text in the navigation menu so that you can tell which features are currently disabled at a glimpse.

## Fixes
- In page providers and content views, the `=` operator is now available for simple multivalued properties
- In automation scripting, the `ctx.currentUser` / `ctx.currentDate` / `ctx.currentDocument` variables now return a proper value
- The `VideoSlice` operation now uses `true` by default for the `encode` parameter to reflect the default value in Nuxeo Server
- Generic suggestion widgets now provide an operation id when none is specified in their configuration

More details are available in our [bugtracking tool](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4124?jql=project%20%3D%20NXS%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%20%2266%22%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC).

### Give us Your Feedback!

Tell us how we could <a href="https://portal.prodpad.com/eb062eda-6d54-11e7-8513-22000a2145da" target="_blank">make Studio better</a> for you!
