---
title: September 4, 2017
description: This version improves the automation scripting experience and brings bug fixes.
tree_item_index: 997
review:
    comment: ''
    date: '2017-09-04'
    status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='summary-v69'}}
This version improves the automation scripting experience and brings bug fixes.
{{! /multiexcerpt}}

## Improved Automation Scripting Experience

After collecting feedback from our users, we made some changes to the way autocompletion works in automation scripting:

### Case Insensitivity
Autocompletion is now case insensitive. Typing `document` will now return the `Document` automation operations category for instance.

### Faster Completion
When a single option is available, we'll complete it automatically. Start typing `cont` and see for yourself!

In some cases you might not want that completion to trigger. Typing `function` and obtaining `Function` is a typical example. When it happens, note that you can cancel that completion by using the undo command (`ctrl or command + z`).

From there, the editor will wait for you to type something before completion is triggered again. Adding a space or a parenthesis after the `function` keyword will make it clear to the editor that you were intending to create a new function, not trying to use the Nuxeo `Function` keyword.

## Bug Fixes

- When copying a workflow, transitions order is now kept in all cases ([NXS-4195](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4195)).

[More details on bugs fixed in this version](https://jira.nuxeo.com/issues/?jql=fixVersion%20%3D%20%2269%22%20AND%20project%20%3D%20NXS) are available in our bugtracking tool.
