---
title: 'April 2, 2018'
description: .
tree_item_index: 989
review:
  comment: ''
  date: '2018-04-02'
  status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='summary-v73-9'}}
You can now configure your project as a real application containing dependencies on any public addon without having to make a dedicated custom bundle. This release also brings improvements to our Maven integration.
{{! /multiexcerpt}}

## Declare Dependencies on any Package

Nuxeo Studio now lets you declare dependencies to any public marketplace addon, instead of a select few. This removes the need to setup a development environment and create a custom bundle in order to install all your dependencies automatically.

This work is the first step toward:
- adding dependencies to private packages and other Studio projects,
- having the features contained in all declared dependencies available into the current Studio project to leverage or override them.

{{#> callout type='info' heading='Specific Upgrade Instructions'}}
A bug recently affected this feature between April 9 and 12.

Depending on your Nuxeo Server target version and packages selection, consequences could be among this list:
- When using JSF UI, related options (e.g. Listing and Views menu) do not appear in the left tree
- An "unknown package" error message appears in the project menu
- Project does not build properly

If you are still experiencing one or several of the issues above, go back to the application definition screen and press the save button. The fix is transparent and will not affect your work. You may encounter this if you have been working on a branch between April 9 and 12 that is using:
- LTS 2016 with the DAM dependency,
- LTS 2017 with JSF UI dependency if you went to application definition screen and pressed the saved button.
{{/callout}}

## Maven Integration Improvements

Nuxeo Studio makes it easier to add a dependency to a Studio release. A `Maven GAV` button is now shown next to each release, and displays Maven coordinates that are ready to be copy pasted in your project's pom.xml. This feature is also available for branches if you wish to setup continuous integration (see our [Maven integration]({{page page='maven-integration'}}) page).

## Noteworthy Improvements and Bugfixes

- When scaffolding a multivalued complex property, a table element will be created instead of scaffolding every property individually ([NXS-4524](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4524)).
- Studio will prevent empty commit messages made by mistake ([NXS-4524](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4524)).
- Duplicating a feature in Designer will now create an independent copy ([NXS-4552](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4552)).

[More information about bugs fixed in this version](https://jira.nuxeo.com/issues/?jql=project %3D NXS AND fixVersion IN %28'73.9','73.10'%29) is available in our bugtracking tool.
