---
title: 'November 26, 2018'
description: .
tree_item_index: 983
review:
  comment: ''
  date: '2018-11-21'
  status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='summary-v3-1-0'}}
Firefox support for Studio Designer, performance improvements, drag and drop schema properties in Studio Designer, be informed about your subscription status.
{{! /multiexcerpt}}

## Studio Designer Loading Performance Improvement
Studio Designer shows a loading screen instead of a blank page during loading. Cache has also been added to optimize loading time when you switch between Modeler and Designer on subsequent loads.

## Information About Subscription Renewal
When your subscription is soon to expire (30 days or less), you will see a message in Studio. You will also informed in the Nuxeo Online Services portal and by email when your subscription is renewed so that you can [renew your instances registration]({{page space='admindoc' page='registering-your-nuxeo-instance'}}#renewing-registration-for-your-nuxeo-instance) and thus prevent production interruption.

## Firefox Support for Studio Designer
Firefox gets added to the list of supported browsers for Studio Designer with this release, meaning that you can use it to configure anything related to Web UI.

For a better experience we recommend using Firefox 63 at least, as it gains native support for web components. Firefox ESR (60 currently) is supported as well, although slower.

## Drag and Drop Schema Properties in Studio Designer Layouts
For easier configuration, you can drag and drop a schema property directly in a Studio Designer layout, and choose whether it should appear in view or edit mode. Remember that you can also do the same with entire schemas and choose which properties to add! This change makes the overall experience more consistent.

Complex multivalued properties do not support this mechanism yet and will come in a future release.

## Placeholder Layouts for Missing Studio Designer Layouts
Studio Designer now creates a default layout page at build time when it is missing in your configuration. It will warn you about the missing configuration but won't contain anything else. Would you rather see it contain only your required fields for faster development, all the fields to check your whole configuration? Feel free to <a href="https://portal.prodpad.com/eb062eda-6d54-11e7-8513-22000a2145da" target="_blank">let us know!</a>

## Delegate Roles in Nuxeo Online Services portal
Project owners can now delegate roles to other project members. The developer role for instance allows [{{page page="how-to-work-with-git-and-studio-project"}}](faster development using git access). Feel free to ask our support to get project owner access now!

## Studio Releases Stored in the Marketplace
Studio releases are stored in the marketplace automatically as private packages. You do not need to upload them manually anymore to reach them from external applications.

## Noteworthy Improvements and Bugfixes
- Date range aggregates configuration shows values. ([NXS-4993](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4993)).

[More information about bugs fixed since last release notes](https://jira.nuxeo.com/issues/?jql=project %3D NXS AND fixVersion IN %28'3.0.0','3.0.1','3.1.0'%29) is available in our bugtracking tool.

{{{multiexcerpt 'studio-feedback' page='nuxeo-studio-release-notes'}}}
