---
title: 'November 12, 2018'
description: .
tree_item_index: 983
review:
  comment: ''
  date: '2018-11-12'
  status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! multiexcerpt name='summary-v3-0-0'}}
Firefox support for Studio Designer, drag and drop schema properties in Studio Designer.
{{! /multiexcerpt}}

## Firefox Support for Studio Designer
Firefox gets added to the list of supported browsers for Studio Designer with this release, meaning that you can use it to configure anything related to Web UI.

For a better experience we recommend using Firefox 63 at least, as it gains native support for web components. Firefox ESR (60 currently) is supported as well, although slower.

## Drag and Drop Schema Properties in Studio Designer Layouts
For easier configuration, you can drag and drop a schema property directly in a Studio Designer layout, and choose whether it should appear in view or edit mode. Remember that you can also do the same with entire schemas and choose which properties to add! This change makes the overall experience more consistent.

Complex multivalued properties do not support this mechanism yet and will come in a future release.

## Noteworthy Improvements and Bugfixes
- In Web UI user actions, label field becomes required for Nuxeo Server version 10.3 and up. This is due to a change in Web UI letting you use as many as you want even on smaller form factor displays. ([NXS-4911](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXS-4911)).

[More information about bugs fixed since last release notes](https://jira.nuxeo.com/issues/?jql=project %3D NXS AND fixVersion IN %28'3.0.0'%29) is available in our bugtracking tool.

{{{multiexcerpt 'studio-feedback' page='nuxeo-studio-release-notes'}}}
